actual: false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false
automat: true, true, false, true, false, false, false, false, true
businessman: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
byproduct: false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false
datum: false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false
form: false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false
give: false, false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false
human: false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false
index: false, false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false
inform: false, true, true, false, true, false, false, true, true
like: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
make: true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false
need: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
oppo: false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false
paper: false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false
plan: false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false
present: false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false
problem: true, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
proper: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
publish: false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false
refer: false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false
research: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
speak: false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false
special: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
train: false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false
transform: false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false, false
usual: true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false
verbal: false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false
via: false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false
we: false, false, false, false, true, false, true, false, false
